A


You probably know who Marie Curie was, but you may not have heard of Rachel Carson.
你可能知道谁是居里夫人，但你可能没有听说过Rachel Carson。

Of the outstanding ladies listed below, who do you think was the most important woman of the past 100 years?
下面列出的优秀女士们，你认为谁是过去100年中最重要的女人？


Jane Addams(1860-1935)
Jane Addams（1860年至1935年）

Anyone who has ever been helped by a social worker has Jane Addams to thank.
任何人曾经被社工帮助，都有Jane Addams应该感谢。

Addams helped the poor and worked for peace.
Addams帮助穷人与为和平工作。

She encouraged a sense of community by creating shelters and promoting education and services for people in need.
她鼓励一种社区感，通过建立庇护所和进一步的教育为有需要的人服务。

In 1931, Addams became the first American woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize.
1931年，Addams成为美国第一位获得诺贝尔和平奖的女性。


Rachel Carson(1907-1964)
Rachel Carson（1907至1964年）

If it weren't for Rachel Carson, the environmental movement might not exist today.
如果不是因为Rachel Carson，环保运动可能在今天不存在。

Her popular 1962 book Silent Spring raised awareness of the dangers of pollution and the harmful effects of chemicals on humans and on the world's lakes and oceans.
她受欢迎的1962年的书《寂静的春天》激起了人们对→污染的危害和化学品对人类以及对世界湖泊、海洋的有害影响←的关注。


Sandra Day O'Connor(1930-present)
Sandra Day O'Connor（1930年至今）

When Sandra Day O'Connor finished third in her class at Stanford Law School, in 1952, she could not find work at a law firm because she was a woman.
当Sandra Day O'Connor完成了学业，以第三名，在斯坦福大学法学院，于1952年，她无法在律师事务所找到工作，因为她是一个女人。

She became Arizona state senator and, in 1981, the first woman to join the U.S. Supreme Court.
她成为了亚利桑那州参议员，并在1981年，成为第一位加入美国最高法院的女士。

O'Connor gave the deciding vote in many important cases during her 24 years on the top court.
O'Connor给了决定性的投票在许多重大案件、在24年的最高法庭上。


Rosa Parks(1913-2005)
Rosa Parks（1913-2005）

On December 1, 1955, in Montgomery, Alabama, Rosa Parks would not give up her seat on a bus to a white passenger.
1955年12月1日，在Montgomery，Rosa Parks不会放弃她在公交车上的座位，并让给一个白人乘客。

Her simple act landed Parks in prison.
她简单的行为使Parks(她自己)陷入了牢房。

But it also set off the Montgomery bus boycott.
但是，这也掀起了蒙哥马利的公车抵制。

It lasted for more than a year, and kicked off the civil-rights movement.
它持续了超过一年的时间，并启动了民权运动。

"The only tired I was, was tired of giving in," said Parks.
“唯一厌倦的我感到的，是厌倦了妥协”，Parks说。

——————————————

B


Grandparents Answer a Call
祖父母回答一个请求

As a third-generation native of Brownsville, Texas, Mildred Garza never pleased move away.
作为第三代Brownsville的本地居民，Texas, Mildred Garza从不喜欢远行。

Even when her daughter and son asked her to move to San Antonio to help with their children, she politely refused.
即使当她的女儿和儿子请求她搬到San Antonio去帮助他们的孩子，她也礼貌地拒绝了。

Only after a year of friendly discussion did Ms.Garza finally say yes.
只经过一年的友好讨论，Garza女士最终说了yes。

That was four years ago.
那是四年前。

Today all three generations regard the move to a success, giving them a closer relationship than they would have had in separate cities.
今天所有三代人都视那次搬迁为一个成功，给了他们一个更紧密的关系比起他们原本在不同的城市。

No statistics show the number of grandparents like Garza who are moving closer to the children and grandchildren.
没有统计显示那数据——有多少祖父母像Garza那样靠近孩子和孙儿。

Yet there is evidence suggesting that the trend is growing.
然而，这有证据表明这一趋势正在增长。

Even President Obama's mother-in-low, Marian Robinson, was agreed to leave Chicago and into the White House to help care for her granddaughters.
甚至奥巴马总统法律上的母亲Marian Robinson，也同意离开芝加哥，入住白宫，帮助照顾她的孙女们。

According to a study grandparents.com, 83 percent of the people said Mrs.Robinson's decision will influence grandparents in the American family.
根据grandparents.com的一项研究，83%的人说Robinson夫人的决定将影响美国家庭的祖父母。

Two-thirds believe more families will follow the example of Obama's family.
三分之二(的人)认为越来越多的家庭将效仿奥巴马的家庭。

"In the 1960s we were all a little wild and couldn't get away from home far enough or fast enough to prove we could do it on our own," says Christine Crosby, publisher of Grate magazine for grandparents.
“在1960年我们都有点狂野，不能离家庭足够远或者足够快去证明我们能靠我们自己做到。”一位名为Christine Crosby的人说。这个人是Grate杂志的出版者。这个杂志是为祖父母设计的。

"We now realize how important family is and how important to be near them, especially when you're raising children."
“我们现在意识到家庭是多么重要，靠近他们是多么重要，尤其是当你在抚养孩子。

Moving is not for everyone.
迁移并不适合所有人。

Almost every grandparent wants to be with his or her grandchildren and is willing to make sacrifices, but sometimes it is wiser to say no and visit frequently instead.
几乎每一个祖父母都想要与他或她的孙儿在一起，并愿意做出牺牲，但有时说“不”和用频繁的看望代替是明智的。

Having your grandchildren far away is hard, especially knowing your adult child is struggling, but giving up the life you know may be harder.
让你孙儿在远处是困难的，特别是知道你成年的孩子在苦苦挣扎，但是放弃你熟知的生活也许会更困难。

——————————————

C


I am Peter Hodes, a volunteer stem courier.
我是Peter Hodes，一个干细胞送递志愿者。

Since March 2012, I've done 89 trips of those, 51 have been abroad, I have 42 hours to carry stem cells in my little box because I've got two ice packs and that's how long they last.
自2012年3月，我做了89次这种旅行，51次出国，我有42个小时携带干细胞在我的小盒子，因为我有两个冰袋，这就是他们能持续的时间。

In all, from the time the stem cells are harvested from a donor to the time they can be implanted in the patient, we've got 72 hours at most.
总的说，从干细胞从捐赠者提取出来到它们可以植入病人，我们最多有72个小时。

So I am always conscious of time.
所以我总是珍视时间。

I had one trip last year where I was caught by a hurricane in America.
去年我有一次旅行，那时我被飓风困在美国。

I picked up the stem cells in Providence, Rhode Island, and was meant to fly to Washington then back to London.
我带上干细胞在Providence的Rhode岛，然后意欲飞往华盛顿，再回到伦敦。

But when I arrived at the check-in desk at Providence, the lady on the desk said: "Well, I'm really sorry, I've got some bad news for you — there are no flights from Washington."
但是当我到达时，在Providence的前台，在桌子边的女士说：“我真的很抱歉，我有一些坏消息要告诉你——这里没有航班从华盛顿出发。”

So I took my box and put it on the desk and I said: "In this box are some stem cells that are urgently needed for a patient — please, please, you've got to get me back to the United Kingdom."
所以我提起我的箱子，把它放在桌上，然后我说：“在这个箱子里有一些干细胞，这些干细胞被一个病人紧急需要。拜托，求你了，你一定要让我返回英国。”

She just dropped everything.
她放下了(手头的)一切事。

She arranged for a flight on a small plane to be held for me, re-routed me through Newark and got me back to the UK even earlier than originally scheduled.
她为我安排了一次航班基于一架小型飞机，重规划我经过Newark，再让我回英国，这甚至比原计划提前。

For this courier job, you're consciously aware that in that box you're got something that is potentially going to save somebody's life.
对于这次送递工作，你很清楚地意识到，在那个盒子里，你有一些东西将潜在地拯救某个人的生命。

——————————————

D


The meaning of silence varies among cultural groups.
在文化团体中，沉默的意义不同。

Silences may be thoughtful, or they may be empty when a person has nothing to say.
沉默可能是深思熟虑的，或者它们可能是“空空如也”的——当一个人没什么可说。

A silence in a conversation may also show stubbornness, or worry.
沉默在谈话中也会显示出固执，或误解。

Silence may be viewed by some cultural groups as extremely uncomfortable; therefore attempts may be made to fill every gap with conversation.
沉默可能被一些文化团体视为极其不舒服；因此尝试会被做出，去填补每一个对话的空白。

Persons in other cultural groups value silence and view it as necessary for understanding a person's needs.
人在其他文化团体认为沉默是有价值的，并把它看作是必要的——对于理解一个人的需求。

Many Native Americans value silence and feel it is a basic part of communicating among people, just as some traditional Chinese and Thai persons do.
许多本土美国人视沉默为有价值，并感觉它是人与人之间交流的一个基本部分，就像一些传统的中国人和泰国人做的。

Therefore, when a person from one of these cultures is speaking and suddenly stops, what maybe implied is that the person wants the listener to consider what has been said before continuing.
因此，当这些文化中的一个人在演讲时突然停止，也许隐含着想要人去思考一下刚才讲了什么，然后继续演讲。

In these cultures, silence is a call for reflection.
在这些文化中，沉默是一个反思的信号。

Other cultures may use silence in other ways, particularly when dealing with conflicts among people or in relationships of people with different amounts of power.
其他文化沉默可能用在其他方面，特别是在处理人们之间矛盾冲突或与拥有不同数量的权力的人的关系时。

For example, Russian, French, and Spanish persons may use silence to show agreement between parties about the topic under discussion.
例如，俄、法、和西班牙人可能使用沉默来表示同意，在各方讨论的主题上。

However, Mexicans may use silence when instructions are given by a person in authority rather than be rude to that person by arguing with him or her.
然而，墨西哥人可能使用沉默，当指示被有权威的人给出，而不是粗鲁地与那个他或她争论。

In still another use, persons in Asian cultures may view silence as a sign of respect, particularly to an elder or a person in authority.
于另一个用途，亚洲文化的人可能视沉默为对别人尊重的引号，尤其是对一位长者或有权威的人。

Nurses and other care-givers need to be aware of the possible meanings of silence when they come across the personal anxiety their patients may be experiencing.
护士和其他关照给予者需要意识到沉默可能的意义，当她们遇到病人可能正在经历的个人焦虑。

Nurses should recognize their own personal and cultural construction of silence so that a patient's silence is not interrupted too early or allowed to go on unnecessarily.
护士应该认识到她们自己个人的和文化上的对沉默的构建，这样病人的沉默不会过早地被中断或被允许不必要的继续。

A nurse who understands the healing value of silence can use this understanding to assist in the care of patients from their own and from other cultures.
一个护士懂得沉默的治疗价值，可以利用这种理解从她们自己和对方的文化方面去协助照顾病人。

——————————————

Secret codes keep messages private.
秘密代码保持信息隐私


Banks, companies, and government agencies use secret codes in doing business, especially when information is sent by computer.
银行、公司和政府机构在经营中使用密码，尤其当信息由计算机发送。

People have used secret codes for thousands of years.
人们使用密码已经几千年。

As long as there have been codes, people have tried to break them.
自从这里有人编码，就有人试图破解它们。

Code breaking never lags far behind code making.
解码从未远远落后于编码。

The science of creating and reading coded messages is called cryptography.
创建和读取加码信息的科学称为密码学。

There are three main types of cryptography.
这里有三种主要的类型在密码学上。

You can hide a message by having the first letters of each word spell it out.
您可以隐藏一个消息通过每个单词的首字母，把它们拼写出来。

For example, the first letters of "My elephant eats too many eels" spell out the hidden message "Meet me."
例如，“My elephant eats too many eels”第一个字母，拼出的隐藏消息是“Meet me”。

Another way to hide a message is to use symbols to stand for specific letters of the alphabet.
隐藏信息的另一种方法是用象征符号来代表特定的字母在字母表。

You might represent each letter with a number, for example.
你可以表示每个字母用一个数字，例如。

Let's number the letters of the alphabet, in order, from 1 to 26.
让我们数字母表中的字母，依顺序，从1到26。

If we substitute a number for each letter, the message "Meet me" would read "13 5 5 20 13 5."
如果我们用数字代替每个字母，消息“Meet me”会读成“13 5 5 20 13 5”。

A code uses symbols to replace words, phrases, or sentences.
一种编码使用象征符号来替换词、短语、句子。

To read the message of a real code, you must have a code book.
为了读真正编码的消息，您必须有一本代码书。

With code book, you might write down words that would stand for other words.
有了代码书，你可能会写下表示其他词的单词。

For example, "bridge" might stand for "me."
例如，“桥”可能代表“我”。

The message "bridge out" would actually mean "Meet me."
消息“桥开了”事实上意味着“见我”。

It is very hard to break a code without the code book.
解码而没有代码书是非常困难的。

However, it is also hard to keep a code book secret for long.
然而，长久的保持代码书的隐秘性也是很困难的。

So codes must be changed frequently.
所以代码必须经常地被改变。

——————————————

A Heroic Driver
一个英勇的司机


Larry works with Transport Drivers, Inc.
Larry工作在一家运输公司。

One morning in 2009, Larry was traveling along 165 north after delivering to one of his customers.
2009年的一个早晨，Larry正串行于165号北方公路，在他运送完一个顾客的东西之后。

Suddenly, he saw a car with its bright lights on.
突然，他看见一辆车带着它打开的灯。

As he got closer, he found another vehicle upside down on the road.
等他到达更近后，他发现另一辆车翻倒在路上。

One more look and he noticed flames shooting out from under the disabled vehicle.
更多一眼后，他注意到火焰从残破的车底喷射而出。

Larry pulled over, set the brake and got hold of the fire extinguisher.
Larry停了下来，设上刹车闸，拿起了灭火器。

Two good bursts from the extinguisher and the fire was put out.
两股强大的爆发流从灭火器喷出，火被扑灭了。

The man who had bright lights on came over and told Larry he had made an emergency call.
一个把车灯点亮的人走过来，告诉Larry，他已经拨了一个紧急电话。

They then heard a woman's voice, coming from the wrecked vehicle.
然后他们听到一个女人的声音，来自车的残骸。

Approaching the vehicle, they saw that a woman was trying to get out of the broken window.
接近车，他们看到一个女人正试图逃离破碎的车窗。

They told her to stay still until the emergency personnel arrived, but she thought the car was going to explode.
他们告诉她保持静止直到急救人员赶到，但她认为车会爆炸。

Larry told her that he had already put out the fire and she should not move in case she injured her neck.
Larry告诉她，他已经扑灭了火，她不应该移动，以免伤到她的脖子。

Once fire and emergency people arrived, Larry and the other man backed off and let them go to work.
火灾和紧急人员到达时，Larry和另一个人退后，让他们(专业人员)去工作。

Then, Larry asked the police if he was needed or free to go.
然后，Larry问警察他是否被需要或可以自由地离开。

They let him and the other man go.
他们让他和另一个人离开。

One thing is for certain — Larry went above and beyond the call of duty by getting so close to the burning vehicle.
有一件事是肯定的——Larry超越了打一个电话的职责，通过靠近燃烧的车。

His efforts most likely saved the woman's life.
他的努力最有可能救了那个女人的命。

——————————————

Chengdu has dozens of new millionaires, Asia's biggest building, and fancy new hotels.
成都有许多新的百万富翁，亚洲最大的建筑和华丽的新酒店。

But for tourists like me, pandas are its top attraction.
但对于像我这样的游客，熊猫是它最的吸引之处。

So it was a great honour to be invited backstage at the not-for-profit Panda Base, where ticket money helps pay for research, I was allowed to get up close to these cute animals at the 600-acre centre.
所以这是一个很大的荣幸被邀请于后台在非营利的熊猫基地。那里参观票的收入被用来支付研究费用。我被允许近距离接触这些可爱的生物在这600英亩的中心。

From tomorrow, I will be their UK ambassador.
从明天开始，我会是他们的英国大使。

The title will be officially given to me at a ceremony in London.
那头衔将正式给我在伦敦的仪式上。

But my connection with pandas goes back to my days on a TV show in the mid-1980s, when I was the first Western TV reporter permitted to film a special unit caring for pandas rescued from starvation in the wild.
但我与熊猫的联系要回到我在一个电视节目的日子，在1980年代中期，当我还是第一个西方电视记者被允许去拍摄一个特殊的部门——这个部门关注拯救在野外受饿的熊猫。

My ambassadorial duties will include introducing British visitors to the 120-plus pandas at Chengdu and others at a research centre in the misty mountains of Bifengxia.
我的大使职责将包括引导英国游客到有120多大熊猫的成都，以及引导其他一些到迷雾山脉的碧峰峡研究中心。

On my recent visit, I held a lively three-month-old twin that had been rejected by its mother.
在我最近的参观中，我捧了一对活泼的三个月大的双胞胎——这对双胞胎被母亲分娩了出来。

The nursery team switches him every few days with his sister so that while one is being bottle-fed, the other is with mum — she never suspects.
护理团队每隔几天就关注他与他的妹妹，以便一个用奶粉喂养，另一个就用母乳——她(指熊猫母亲)从不怀疑。

——————————————

My uncle is the owner of a restaurant close to where I live.

Though not very big, the restaurant is popular in our area.

It is always crowded with customers at meal times.

Some people even have to wait outside.

My uncle tells me that the key to his success is honesty.

Every day he makes sure that fresh vegetables and high quality oil are used for cooking.

My uncle says that he never dreams of becoming rich in a short period of time.

Instead, he hopes that his business will grow steadily.