A
Music 
音乐


Opera at Music Hall: 1243 Elm Street.
戏剧在音乐厅：1243 Elm 街。

The season runs June through August, with additional performances in March and September.
这一季举行从6月到8月，带着额外的表演在3月和9月。

The Opera honors Enjoy the Arts membership discounts.
剧院荣耀的享受艺术成员的折扣。

Phone: 241-2742.
http://www.cityopera.com.


Chamber Orchestra: The Orchestra plays at Memorial Hall at 1406 Elm Street, which offers several concerts from March through June.
管弦会所：管弦演奏在1406 Elm 街的纪念厅，那儿提供音乐会从3月到6月。

Call 723-1182 for more information.
打 723-1182 获得更多信息。

http://www.chamberorch.com.


Symphony Orchestra: At Music Hall and Riverbend.
交响乐团：在音乐厅和河湾。

For ticket sales, call 381-3300.
得到售卖的票，打 381-3300。

Regular season runs September through May at Music Hall in summer at Riverbend.
常规季节运行从9月到5月，夏天，在河湾。

http://www.symphony.org/home.asp.


College Conservatory of Music(CCM): Performances are on the main campus(校园) of the university, usually at Patricia Cobbett Theater.
大学音乐学院：表演在大学主校区，通常在 Patricia Cobbett 剧院。

CCM organizes a variety of events, including performances by the well-known LaSalle Quartet, CCM's Philharmonic Orchestra, and various groups of musicians presenting Baroque through modern music.
大学音乐学院组织很多活动，包括表演通过熟知的 LaSalle Quartet, 学校乐团，和许多不同音乐家团体展现 Baroque 通过现代音乐。

Students with I.D. cards can attend the events for free.
有 I.D. 卡的学生能免费参加活动。

A free schedule of events for each term is available by calling the box office at 556-4183.
一个免费活动时间表对于每一个队列是可获得的通过拨打 556-4183 在方形办公室。

http://www.ccm.uc.edu/events/calendar.


Riverbend Music Theater: 6295 Kellogg Ave.
河湾音乐剧院：6295 Kellogg 街。

Large outdoor theater with the closest seats under cover (price difference).
大型户外剧院，覆盖有最近的座位(价格不同)。

Big name shows all summer long!
大名展示整个夏天！

Phone: 232-6220.
http://www.riverbendmusic.com.

——————————————

B


On one of her trips to New York several years ago, Eudora Welty decided to take a couple of New York friends out to dinner.
在几年前一次她到纽约的旅行，Eudora Welty 决定带几个纽约朋友出去晚餐。

They settled in at a comfortable East Side cafe and within minutes, another customer was approaching their table.
他们安顿于一个舒服的东区咖啡馆，几分钟之内，另一个顾客接近他们的桌子。

"Hey, aren't you from Mississippi?" the elegant, white-haired writer remembered being asked by the stranger. 
“嘿, 你们来自密西西比？” 那高雅的，白头发作家想起了正在被一位陌生人询问。

"I'm from Mississippi too."
“我也来自密西西比。”

Without a second thought, the woman joined the Welty party. 
没有第二秒的考虑，那女人加入了 Welty 的聚会。

When her dinner partner showed up, she also pulled up a chair.
当她的晚餐拍档现身，她也抽了把椅子。

"They began telling me all the news of Mississippi," Welty said. 
“他们开始告诉我所有密西西比的消息”，Welty 说。

"I didn't know what my New York friends were thinking."
“我不知道当时我的纽约朋友们在想什么。”

Taxis on a rainy New York night are rarer than sunshine. 
出租车在下雨的纽约夜晚比晴天稀少。

By the time the group got up to leave, it was pouring outside. 
到一群人要离开时，外面正下着大雨。

Welty's new friends immediately sent a waiter to find a cab. 
Welty 的新朋友们立刻派了一位服务员去找出租车。

Heading back downtown toward her hotel, her big-city friends were amazed at the turn of events that had changed their Big Apple dinner into a Mississippi.
朝着回市中心回她的旅馆，她大城市的朋友被惊讶到了—关于事件的反转—把他们的大苹果(大苹果是纽约的戏称)晚餐变成了密西西比。

"My friends said: 'Now we believe your stories,'" Welty added. 
“我的朋友们说：'现在我们相信你的故事'”， Welty 补充道。

"And I said: 'Now you know. These are the people that make me write them.'"
“并且我说道：现在你知道。是人们让我写他们的。'"

Sitting on a sofa in her room, Welty, a slim figure in a simple gray dress, looked pleased with this explanation.
坐在一个沙发上在她的屋子，Welty, 一个苗条身材穿着一个简单的灰色连衣裙，看起来对这个解释很愉快(满意)。

"I don't make them up," she said of the characters in her fiction these last 50 or so years. 
“我没有编造它们，”她说最近50左右那些在她科幻里的角色。

"I don't have to."
“我不必要。”

Beauticians, bartenders, piano players and people with purple hats, Welty's people come from afternoons spent visiting with old friends, from walks through the streets of her native Jackson, Miss, from conversations overheard on a bus. 
美容师、调酒师、钢琴演奏者和紫色帽子的人，Welty的人物来自下午花费(时间)参观老友，从(本地男士、女士)穿过街道的行走，从公共汽车上听到的谈话。

It annoys Welty that, at 78, her left ear has now given out. 
烦扰 Welty 的是， 在78岁，她的左耳现在已经有了衰退。

Sometimes, sitting on a bus or a train, she hears only a fragment(片段) of a particularly interesting story.
有时，坐在一个巴士或列车，她只会听到一些特别有趣故事的片段。

——————————————

 C


If you are a fruit grower — or would like to become one — take advantage of Apple Day to see what's around.
如果你是一个水果种植主—或者想要变成那么一个—趁着苹果日的优势去看看什么是相关的。

It's called Apple Day but in practice it's more like Apple Month.
它被叫做苹果日，但实际上它更像苹果月。

The day itself is on October 21, but since it has caught on, events now spread out over most of October around Britain.
那天本身是在10月21日，但当它开始流行，活动现在扩展到几乎整个10月在英国及周围。

Visiting an apple event is a good chance to see, and often taste, a wide variety of apples.
参观苹果活动是一个很好的机会去看、通常是尝，广泛的不同种类的苹果。

To people who are used to the limited choice of apples such as Golden Delicious and Royal Gala in supermarkets, it can be quite an eye opener to see the range of classical apples still in existence, such as Decio which was grown by the Romans.
对于那些人，那些在超级市场曾局限于苹果的选择，如“Golden Delicious(黄金美味)”和“Royal Gala(皇家节目)”。它可以完全是一次视野的扩大、去看广泛的仍然现存的经典苹果，如被罗马人种植的 Decio 。

Although it doesn't taste of anything special, it's still worth a try, as is the knobbly(多疙瘩的) Cat's Head which is more of a curiosity than anything else.
尽管它没有尝起来任何特殊，它仍然是值得一试的， 就像是多疙瘩的猫头更有趣于其它任何事。

There are also varieties developed to suit specific local conditions.
那里同样也有很多不同的发展去适应特殊的本地情况。

One of the very best varieties for eating quality is Orleans Reinette, but you'll need a warm, sheltered place with perfect soil to grow it, so it's a pipe dream for most apple lovers who fall for it.
其中一个最不同处对于试吃质量是 Orleans Reinette 。但你将需要一个温暖的、荫蔽的地方带着完美的泥土种植它。所以它是一个不太可能实现的梦想对于大多数沉迷于它的苹果爱好者。

At the events, you can meet expert growers and discuss which ones will best suit your conditions, and because these are family affairs, children are well catered for with apple-themed fun and games.
在这些活动中，你能遇到种植专家并讨论哪一个是最适合你情况的。同时因为这是家庭类活动，孩子们被很好的迎合基于苹果主题的乐趣和游戏。

Apple Days are being held at all sorts of places with an interest in fruit, including stately gardens and commercial orchards(果园).
苹果日被带着一种水果的趣味举行在几乎所有的地方，包括庄严的花园和商业果园。

If you want to have a real orchard experience, try visiting the National Fruit Collection at Brogdale, near Faversham in Kent.
如果你想有一个真正的果园经历，试着参观在 Brogdale 的民族水果收集馆，靠近 Kent 的 Faversham。

——————————————

Good News Beats Bad on Social Networks.
好消息对抗坏的在社交网络。


Bad news sells.
坏消息是可以销售的。

If it bleeds, it leads.
如果出血，它会导向（流行、头条之类）。

No news is good news, and good news is no news.
没有消息就是好消息，好消息是没有消息。

Those are the classic rules for the evening broadcasts and the morning papers.
这些都是经典规则对于晚上广播和晨报。

But now that information is being spread and monitored in different ways, researchers are discovering new rules.
但是现在这些信息被传播和监控的方式不同，研究人员正在研究新的规则。

By tracking people's e-mails and online posts, scientists have found that good news can spread faster and farther than disasters and sob stories.
通过跟踪人的电子邮件和网上的帖子，科学家们有发现，好消息能传播得更快更远比起灾害和令人哭泣的故事。

"The 'if it bleeds' rule works for mass media," says Jonah Berger, a scholar at the University of Pennsylvania.
“这个'如果它流血'的规则适用于大众媒体，”约拿伯杰，在宾夕法尼亚大学的学者说。

"They want your eyeballs and don't care how you're feeling. But when you share a story with your friends, you care a lot more how they react. You don't want them to think of you as a Debbie Downer."
“他们想要你的眼球，并不在乎你的感受，但是当你分享一个故事与你的朋友，你更多关心他们的反应。你不想让他们认为你是一个 Debbie Downer 。 “

Researchers analyzing word-of-mouth communication — e-mails, Web posts and reviews, face-to-face conversations — found that it tended to be more positive than negative, but that didn't necessarily mean people preferred positive news.
研究人员分析口头言语的交流 — 电子邮件、网络帖子和评论、面对面的谈话 — 发现，它趋向于更积极比起消极的，但这并不必要的意味着人们偏好积极消息。

Was positive news shared more often simply because people experienced more good things than bad things?
是否积极消息通常分享得更多，只是简单地因为人们经历了更多好的事比起坏事情？

To test for that possibility, Dr.Berger looked at how people spread a particular set of news stories: thousands of articles on The New York Times' website.
为了测试这种可能性， Dr.Berger 看着别人怎么流传一组特定的新闻故事：数以千计的纽约时报网站的文章。

He and a Penn colleague analyzed the "most e-mailed" list for six months.
他和一个同事佩恩分析了六个月“最电子邮件化的”列表。

One of his first findings was that articles in the science section were much more likely to make the list than non-science articles.
他最早发现的其中一个是，科学部分（板块）的文章比非科学文章更有可能成为列表。

He found that science amazed Times' readers and made them want to share this positive feeling with others.
他发现，科学惊讶了时报的读者，使他们想与他人分享这种积极的感觉。

Readers also tended to share articles that were exciting or funny, or that inspired negative feelings like anger or anxiety, but not articles that left them merely sad.
读者也倾向于分享令人兴奋或有趣的文章，或启发了负面情绪像愤怒或焦虑的，但不是那些只留给他们伤心的文章。

They needed to be aroused one way or the other, and they preferred good news to bad.
他们需要被唤醒，以一种方式或其他，他们倾向于好消息比起坏的。

The more positive an article, the more likely it was to be shared, as Dr.Berger explains in his new book, "Contagious: Why Things Catch On."
一篇文章越积极，就越有可能被分享，正如伯杰博士在他的新书中解释的那样：“传染性：为什么事情会发生。”

——————————————

Everyone knows that fish is good for health.
大家都知道鱼对健康有益。

The fats in fish are thought to help prevent heart disease.
鱼类脂肪被认为有助于预防心脏疾病。

But it seems that many people don't cook fish at home.
但似乎很多人不在家做鱼。

Americans eat only about fifteen pounds of fish per person per year, but we eat twice as much fish in restaurants as at home.
美国人每人每年只吃约15磅的鱼，但我们在餐馆吃两倍的鱼比在家里。

Buying, storing, and cooking fish isn't difficult.
购买，储存和烹调鱼并不难。

It just requires a little knowledge.
它只是需要一点知识。

This text is about how to buy and cook fish in an easy way.
本文是关于如何以一种简单的方式购买和烹调鱼。

When buying fish, you should first smell it.
购买鲜鱼时，应先闻一闻。

Fresh fish should smell sweet: you should feel that you're standing at the ocean's edge.
新鲜的鱼应该闻起来很香：你应该觉得你在海洋的边缘站着。

Any fishy or strong smell means the fish isn't fresh.
任何可疑或强烈的气味意味着鱼不新鲜。

Do not buy it.
不要买它。

When you have bought a fish and arrive home, you'd better store the fish in the refrigerator if you don't cook it immediately, but fresh fish should be stored in your fridge for only a day or two.
当你买了鱼回到家，如果你不马上做饭，你最好把鱼存放在冰箱，但新鲜的鱼应只存放在你的冰箱一两天。

Frozen fish isn't as tasty as the fresh one.
冷冻鱼不如新鲜的美味。

There are many common methods used to cook fish.
很多常见的方法用来做鱼。

The easiest is to steam it.
最简单的是蒸它。

First, clean it and season it with your choice of spices(调料).
首先，清理和调味用您选择的香料。

Put the whole fish on a plate and steam it in a steam pot for 8 to 10 minutes if it weighs about one pound.
如果它的重量约1磅，就把整条鱼放在盘子上放进蒸汽锅8至10分钟。

(A larger one will take more time.)
（更大的会花费更多的时间。）

Then, it's ready to serve.
然后，它就准备好了可以（为人）服务。

——————————————

When I was 13 my only purpose was to become the star on our football team.
当我13岁，我唯一的目标是要成为我们的橄榄球队的明星。

That meant beating out Miller King, who was the best player at our school.
这意味着击败国王米勒，​​他是我们学校最好的球员。

Football season started in September and all summer long I worked out.
足球赛季在9月开始直到整个夏天，我懂了。

I carried my football everywhere for practice.
我抱着足球处处练习。

Just before September, Miller was struck by a car and lost his right arm.
就在九月前， Miller 被车击中，失去了他的右臂。

I went to see him after he came back from hospital.
我去看他，待他从医院回来后。

He looked very pale, but he didn't cry.
他看上去很苍白，但是他没有哭。

That season, I broke all of Miller's records while he watched the home games from the bench.
那个赛季，我打破了 Miller 的所有记录，而他看了主场比赛从板凳。

We went 10-1 and I was named most valuable player, but I often had crazy dreams in which I was to blame for Miller's accident.
我们去10-1，我被评为最有价值球员，但我常常有疯狂的梦——我被责怪因为 Miller 的意外。

One afternoon, I was crossing the field to go home and saw Miller stuck going over a fence — which wasn't hard to climb if you had both arms.
一天下午，我正在过场回家，看到米勒卡住在一个栅栏——如果你有双臂这并不难爬。

I'm sure I was the last person in the world he wanted to accept assistance from.
我敢肯定，我是世界上，他想接受援助的最后一个人。

But even that challenge he accepted.
但即使这样的挑战，他接受了。

I helped him move slowly over the fence.
我帮他慢慢地移过了栅栏。

When we were finally safe on the other side, he said to me, "You know, I didn't tell you this during the season, but you did fine. Thank you for filling in for me."
当我们最后安全地在另一边，他对我说，“你知道，我没有告诉你这个在这个赛季，但你做得很好。谢谢你为我加油（填充我）。”

His words freed me from my bad dreams.
他的话解放了我从我不好的梦。

I thought to myself, how even without an arm he was more of a leader.
我心想，他是如何做到即使没有手臂也更（像）是一个领导者的。

Damaged but not defeated, he was still ahead of me.
破损但不能被击败，他仍然在我前面。

I was right to have admired him.
我是正确的去钦佩他。

From that day on, I grew bigger and a little more real.
从那天起，我变得更大，更真实。

——————————————

In much of Asia, especially the so-called "rice bowl" cultures of China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam, food is usually eaten with chopsticks.
在亚洲许多地区，尤其是所谓的“饭碗”文化的中国，日本，韩国，和越南，食物通常是用筷子吃。

Chopsticks are usually two long, thin pieces of wood or bamboo.
筷子通常是两个长、薄的木头或竹子。

They can also be made of plastic, animal bone or metal.
它们也可以由塑料，动物骨或金属制成。

Sometimes chopsticks are quite artistic.
有时候筷子很有艺术性。

Truly elegant chopsticks might be made of gold and silver with Chinese characters.
真正优雅的筷子可能是由黄金和白银制成的，并带有中国特色。

Skilled workers also combine various hardwoods and metal to create special designs.
熟练的技术工人还结合各种硬木和金属去创造独特的设计。

The Chinese have used chopsticks for five thousand years.
中国人已经使用了筷子长达五千年。

People probably cooked their food in large pots, using twigs to remove it.
人们可能煮他们的食物在大罐子里，用树枝去移动它。

Over time, as the population grew, people began cutting food into small pieces so it would cook more quickly.
随着时间的推移，随着人口的增长，人们开始把食物切成小块，这样能更迅速地做饭。

Food in small pieces could be eaten easily with twigs which gradually turned into chopsticks.
小片食物可以被很轻易的用树枝拾起吃掉，这树枝逐渐演变成了筷子。

Some people think that the great Chinese scholar Confucius, who lived from roughly 551 to 479 B.C., influenced the development of chopsticks.
有些人认为，伟大的中国学者孔子—生活在大约551到公元前479，影响了筷子的发展。

Confucius believed knives would remind people of killings and were too violent for use at the table.
孔子认为，刀会提醒人们杀戮，在餐桌上使用显得太暴力。

Chopsticks are not used everywhere in Asia.
筷子并没有在亚洲任何地方都被使用。

In India, for example, most people traditionally eat with their hands.
在印度，例如，大部分人一般用他们的双手进食。

——————————————

The teenage years from 13 to 19 were the most difficult time for me.

They were also the best and worst years in my life.

At first, I thought I knew everything and could make decisions by myself.

However, my parents didn't seem to think so.

They always told me what to do and how to do it.

At one time , I even felt my parents couldn't understand me so I hoped I could be free from them.

I showed them I was independent by wearing strange clothes.

Now I am leaving home for college.

At last, I will be on my own, but I still want to have my parents to turn to whenever I need help
