A


What's On?
什么在进行？

Electric Underground
电力地铁

7:30pm-1:00am
上午7:30-下午1:00

Free at the Cyclops Theatre
免费在 Cyclops 剧院

Do you know who's playing in your area?
你知道谁表演在你所在的地区？

We're bringing you an exciting evening of live rock and pop music from the best local bands.
我们为您从当地最好的乐队带来有现场摇滚和流行音乐的一个令人兴奋的夜晚。

Are you interested in becoming a musician and getting a recording contract?
您有兴趣成为一名音乐家，并获得唱片合约吗？

If so, come early to the talk at 7.30pm by Jules Skye, a successful record producer.
如果是这样，早点来和 Jules Skye 在7：30交谈， Jules Skye 是一个成功的唱片制作人。

He's going to talk about how you can find the right person to produce your music.
他会谈到你如何找到合适的人生产您的音乐。


Gee Whizz
Gee Whizz

8:30pm-10:30pm
下午8:30-下午10:30

Comedy at Kaleidoscope
喜剧在 Kaleidoscope

Come and see Gee Whizz perform.
来，并看 Gee Whizz 表演。

He's the funniest stand-up comedian on the comedy scene.
他是最搞笑的站立喜剧演员在喜剧场景。

This joyful show will please everyone, from the youngest to the oldest.
这欢乐的节目将取悦每个人，从最年轻的到最年老的。

Gee Whizz really knows how to make you laugh!
Gee Whizz 真的知道如何让你笑！

Our bar is open from 7:00pm for drinks and snacks.
我们的酒吧从下午7:00开放，提供饮料和小吃。


Simon's Workshop
Simon 的工作间

5:00pm-7:30pm
下午5:00-下午7:30

Wednesdays at Victoria Stage
周三在 Victoria Stage

This is a good chance for anyone who wants to learn how to do comedy.
这是一个好机会对于任何一个想要学习如何做喜剧的人。

The workshop looks at every kind of comedy, and practices many different ways of making people laugh.
工作间着眼于各种喜剧，和练习许多不同的方法让人笑。

Simon is a comedian and actor who has 10 years' experience of teaching comedy.
Simon 是一个喜剧演员，拥有10年的教喜剧的经验。

His workshops are exciting and fun.
他的工作间是令人兴奋的和有趣的。

An evening with Simon will give you the confidence to be funny.
和 Simon  的夜晚会给你变得搞笑的信心。


Charlotte Stone
Charlotte Stone

8:00pm-11:00pm
下午8:00-下午11:00

Pizza World
比萨世界

Fine food with beautiful jazz music;
美食与美丽的爵士音乐;

this is a great evening out.
这是一个(从你家出来可以体验到的)伟大的夜晚。

Charlotte Stone will perform songs from her new best-selling CD, with James Pickering on the piano.
Charlotte Stone 将表演歌曲从她新的畅销CD， James Pickering 弹钢琴。

The menu is Italian, with excellent meat and fresh fish, pizzas and pasta.
菜单是意大利的，有优良的肉和新鲜的鱼，比萨饼和通心粉。

Book early to get a table.
早点预订去得到一桌。

Our bar is open all day, and serves cocktails, coffee, beer, and white wine.
我们的酒吧全天开放，供应鸡尾酒，咖啡，啤酒和白酒。

——————————————

B


Five years ago, when I taught art at a school in Seattle, I used Tinkertoys as a test at the beginning of a term to find out something about my students.
五年前，当我在 Seattle 一所学校教艺术，我用 Tinkertoys 作为一个测试在一学期的开始，去找出一些东西关于我的学生们。

I put a small set of Tinkertoys in front of each student, and said: "Make something out of the Tinkertoys. You have 45 minutes today — and 45 minutes each day for the rest of the week."
我放置一小部分 Tinkertoys 在每个学生面前，说：“用 Tinkertoys 做出一点东西来。今天你有45分钟，接下来的一周每天也有45分钟。“

A few students hesitated to start.
一些学生犹豫去开始。

They waited to see what the rest of the class would do.
他们等待着，看看班上的其他同学会怎么做。

Several others checked the instructions and made something according to one of the model plans provided.
有几个人检查了操作指南，并根据所提供的模型指南之一做了一些东西。

Another group built something out of their own imaginations.
另一组建造了一些东西，根据他们自己的想象。

Once I had a boy who worked experimentally with Tinkertoys in his free time.
有一次，我有一个男孩在他的空闲时间实验性地使用 Tinkertoys。

His constructions filled a shelf in the art classroom and a good part of his bedroom at home.
他的建筑物填满了一个架子在艺术教室，也占了相当大一部分在他家的卧室。

I was delighted at the presence of such a student.
我很高兴有这样一个学生的存在。

Here was an exceptionally creative mind at work.
这是一个在工作中非常有创意的头脑。

His presence meant that I had an unexpected teaching assistant in class whose creativity would infect other students.
他的出现意味着我有一个未曾预料到的助教在课堂，其创造力会传染其他同学。

Encouraging this kind of thinking has a downside.
鼓励这种想法有一个缺点。

I ran the risk of losing those students who had a different style of thinking.
我经营着这种风险—失去那些有不同的思维风格的学生。

Without fail one would declare, "But I'm just not creative."
还没等到失败就会有人宣称，“但我只是(就是)没创造力。”

"Do you dream at night when you're asleep?"
“当你睡觉时，晚上你做梦吗？”

"Oh, sure."
“哦，当然。”

"So tell me one of your most interesting dreams."
“那么告诉我其中一个你最有趣的梦。”

The student would tell something wildly imaginative.
学生会讲一些狂野的想象。

Flying in the sky or in a time machine or growing three heads.
在天上飞，或者在一个时间机器，或者长出三个头。

"That's pretty creative. Who does that for you?"
“这是相当有创意的。谁做的那个为你？”

"Nobody. I do it."
“没有人。我自己这样做的。”

"Really — at night, when you're asleep?"
“真的，在夜晚，当你睡着时？“

"Sure."
“当然。”

"Try doing it in the daytime, in class, okay?"
“试着做它在白天，在课堂上，好吗？”

——————————————

C


Reading can be a social activity.
读书可以是一种社会活动。

Think of the people who belong to book groups.
想想那些属于读书团体的人。

They choose books to read and then meet to discuss them.
他们选择书去阅读，然后遇见并讨论它们。

Now, the website BookCrossing.com turns the page on the traditional idea of a book group.
现在，网站 BookCrossing.com 开启一个基于传统读书群主意的(新)篇章。

Members go on the site and register the books they own and would like to share.
会员去网站上，注册他们自己拥有的书籍，与大家分享。

BookCrossing provides an identification number to stick inside the book.
BookCrossing 提供了一个识别号码贴在书里。

Then the person leaves it in a public place, hoping that the book will have an adventure, traveling far and wide with each new reader who finds it.
然后，人离开它，把它放在公共场所，希望这本书将有一个冒险，随着新发现它的人，旅游得远且宽。

Bruce Pederson, the managing director of BookCrossing, says, "The two things that change your life are the people you meet and books you read. BookCrossing combines both."
Bruce Pederson ，BookCrossing 的董事兼总经理，说，“改变人生的两件事情是你遇到的人和你读的书。 BookCrossing 结合了这两者。”

Members leave books on park benches and buses, in train stations and coffee shops.
会员们在公园长椅和公共汽车、在火车站和咖啡馆留下书。

Whoever finds their book will go to the site and record where they found it.
不管谁找到他们的书会访问网站，并记录在哪里他们发现了它。

People who find a book can also leave a journal entry describing what they thought of it.
找到一本书的人也可以留下一个记录，去描述什么是他们想到的，关于这本书。

E-mails are then sent to the BookCrossers to keep them updated about where their books have been found.
然后电子邮件被发送到BookCrossers，让他们更新，关于在哪里他们的书已经被发现。

Bruce Pederson says the idea is for people not to be selfish by keeping a book to gather dust on a shelf at home.
Bruce Pederson 说，这个想法是为了那些不想自私的保持一本书在家里书架上积累灰尘的人们。

BookCrossing is part of a trend among people who want to get back to the "real" and not the virtual.
BookCrossing 是那些想要回归“真实”而不是虚拟的人们的潮流的一部分。

The site now has more than one million members in more than hundred thirty-five countries.
该网站目前拥有超过一百三十五个国家的一百多万会员。

——————————————

D


A new collection of photos brings an unsuccessful Antarctic voyage back to life.
一组新收集的照片带来了一次不成功的南极航行。

Frank Hurley's pictures would be outstanding — undoubtedly first-rate photo-journalism — if they had been made last week.
Frank Hurley 的照片会脱颖而出——无疑地在一流的摄影新闻——如果他们上周做到了。

In fact, they were shot from 1914 through 1916, most of them after a disastrous shipwreck, by a cameraman who had no reasonable expectation of survival.
事实上，它们(指图片)被拍摄于1914年到1916年，它们中的大多数发生在灾难性的沉船后，通过一位没理由会幸存的摄影师。

Many of the images were stored in an ice chest, under freezing water, in the damaged wooden ship.
许多图像被存储在一个冰柜，在冷冻的水下、在损坏的木船中。

The ship was the Endurance, a small, tight, Norwegian-built three-master that was intended to take Sir Ernest Shackleton and a small crew of seamen and scientists, 27 men in all, to the southernmost shore of Antarctica's Weddell Sea.
这艘船是一个小的、牢靠的、Norwegian 制造的 Endurance, 被打算用来乘载 Sir Ernest Shackleton 和一个小船水手以及科学家，共27人，到南极 Weddell 海的最南端海岸。

From that point Shackleton wanted to force a passage by dog sled across the continent.
从那一点上说，Shackleton 想强制一场旅行通过狗拉雪橇，穿过整个大陆。

The journey was intended to achieve more than what Captain Robert Falcon Scott had done.
这次旅行被预计去实现更多事，超过 Captain Robert Falcon Scott 曾做过的。

Captain Scott had reached the South Pole early in 1912 but had died with his four companions on the march back.
Captain Scott 在1912年年初达到了南极，但和他的4个同伴死在了3月回归的路上。

As writer Caroline Alexander makes clear in her forceful and well-researched story The Endurance, adventuring was even then a thoroughly commercial effort.
正如作家 Caroline Alexander 说得很清楚，在她那有力的、经过考察的故事一样，冒险甚至完全比得上一种彻底的商业努力。

Scott's last journey, completed as he lay in a tent dying of cold and hunger, caught the world's imagination, and a film made in his honor drew crowds.
Scott 最后的旅程，完成于当他躺在帐篷里垂死于寒冷和饥饿，这引起了世界的想象。(于是)一部电影以他的荣誉被制成，吸引了大量观众。

Shackleton, a onetime British merchant-navy officer who had got to within 100 miles of the South Pole in 1908, started a business before his 1914 voyage to make money from movie and still photography.
Shackleton，一个旧时的英国商船队军官，在1908年，必须在南极100英里内，开始他的生意，这要比他1914年意欲从电影和静止的摄影图片赚钱的航行早。

Frank Hurley, a confident and gifted Australian photographer who knew the Antarctic, was hired to make the images, most of which have never before been published.
Frank Hurley，一个有自信的和有天赋的澳大利亚摄影师，熟知南极，受雇去拍摄照片，其中大部分之前从未被公开。

——————————————

A garden that's just right for you
一个刚好适合你的庄园


Have you ever visited a garden that seemed just right for you, where the atmosphere of the garden appeared to total more than the sum of its parts?
你曾经参观过一个看上去刚好适合你的庄园，那里的气氛总体大于各部分之和？

You can produce that kind of magical quality in your own garden, too.
您也可以造出那种神奇的特质在你自己的庄园。

But it doesn't happen by accident.
不过，那并不是偶然发生的。

It starts with looking inside yourself and understanding who you are with respect to the natural world and how you approach the gardening process.
它开始于向内审视你自己，并带着对自然世界的敬畏理解你是谁、以及如何开始园艺进程。

● Know why you garden
● 知道为什么你要庄园

Some people may think that a garden is no more than plants, flowers, patterns and masses of color.
有些人可能会认为庄园并没有什么，不过是植物、花卉、图案和颜色的混杂。

Others are concerned about using gardening methods that require less water and fewer fertilizers .
另一些人则关心使用园艺方法，可以满足更少的水和肥料(的需求)。

Still others may simply enjoy being outdoors and close to plants.
还有些人可能只是简单的喜欢处于户外，并靠近植物。

However, there are a number of other reasons that might explain why you want to garden.
然而，这儿有许多其他的原因，或许可以解释为什么你想去庄园。

One of them comes from our earliest years.
其中一个来自于我们的早年生活。

● Recall your childhood memories
● 唤醒你的童年记忆

Our model of what a garden should be often goes back to childhood.
我们的模式，对于庄园应该是什么样的，通常来自童年。

Grandma's rose garden and Dad's vegetable garden might be good or bad, but that's not what's important.
奶奶的玫瑰园和爸爸的菜园可能是好的或坏的，但这并不是什么重要的事。

It's our experience of the garden that matters — how being in those gardens made us feel.
我们对庄园的经历那才是重要的——我们对庄园的那些感觉。

If you'd like to build a powerful bond with your garden, start by taking some time to recall the gardens of your youth.
如果您想要建造一个强有力的联系与你的花园，开始时，花一些时间去回想你年轻时的庄园。

For each of those gardens, write down the strongest memory you have.
对于每个这些庄园，写下你有的最强烈的记忆。

Then go outside and work out a plan to translate your childhood memories into your grown-up garden.
然后到外面去，实施一个计划，去把你童年时的记忆“翻译”成你成熟的庄园。

Have fun.
祝你找到乐趣。

——————————————

Hundreds of people have formed impressions of you through that little device on your desk.
数百人通过你的办公桌上那个小装置形成了关于你的映像。

And they've never actually met you.
他们从未真正见过你。

Everything they know about you came through this device, sometimes from hundreds of miles away.
他们知道你的一切通过这个装置，有时从数百英里之外。

Yet they feel they can know you just from the sound of your voice.
然而，他们觉得他们可以了解你，只是从你的声音。

That's how powerful the telephone is.
这就是如此强大的电话。

Powerful, yes, but not always accurate.
功能强大，是的，但并不总是准确的。

For years I dealt with my travel agent only by phone.
多年来，我与我的旅行代理只通过电话交易。

Rani, my faceless agent whom I'd never met in person, got me rock-bottom prices on airfares, cars, and hotels.
Rani，我从未谋面的代理，带给我最低的价格在飞机、汽车和旅馆上。

But her cold voice really annoyed me, I sometimes wished to find another agent.
但她冰冷的声音真的烦扰到了我，我有时想去找另外的代理。

One morning, I had to book an immediate flight home for a family emergency.
有一天早上，我不得不预订一个“立飞家航班”为了家庭急事。

I ran into Rani's office for the first time.
我第一次跑进 Rani 的办公室。

The woman sitting at the desk, seeing my madness, sympathetically jumped up.
这个女人坐在办公桌，看到我疯狂的神色，同情地跳了起来。

She gave me a comforting smile, nodded while listening patiently, and then printed out the ticket immediately.
她给了我一个安慰的笑容，边耐心地倾听边点头，然后立刻打印出了票据。

"What a wonderful lady!" I thought.
“多么美妙的女士！”我想。

Rushing out gratefully I called out over my shoulder.
我感激地冲出去，并向肩膀处喊道。

"By the way, what's your name?"
“对了，你叫什么名字？”

"I'm Rani, " she said.
“我是 Rani，”她说。

I turned around and saw a pleasant woman with a big smile on her face waving to wish me a safe trip.
我转过身，看到一个愉悦的女人带着一个大的微笑在她脸上，挥手祝我旅途平安。

I was speechless!
我无语！

Why had I thought she was cold?
为什么我曾经认为她是冷酷的？

Rani was, well, so nice.
Rani，很好，非常好。

Sitting back in the car on the way to the airport, I figured it all out.
坐在车后面在去机场的路上，我想通了一切。

Rani's friendliness — her warm smile, her nods, her "I'm here for you" attitude — were all silent signals that didn't travel through wires.
Rani 的友好——她亲切的笑容，她的点头，她的→”我在这里为你“的态度←是无声的信号，是不能被线路所传递的。

——————————————

If you feel stressed by responsibilities at work, you should take a step back and identify those of greater and less importance.
如果你感到责任的压力在工作中，你应该退一步，去识别哪些有更大或更少重要性。

Then, handle the most important tasks first so you'll feel a real sense of achievement.
然后，首先处理最重要的任务，你将会感到一种真正的成就感。

Leaving the less important things until tomorrow is often acceptable.
离开不那么重要的东西直到明天，通常是可以接受的。

Most of us are most focused on our tasks in the morning than we are later in the day.
我们中大多数人，在早上更专注于我们的任务比起我们在当天的晚些时候。

So, get an early start and try to be as productive as possible before lunch.
所以，尽早开始，做到尽可能的高效在午餐前。

This will give you the confidence you need to get you through the afternoon and go home feeling accomplished.
这将会给你信心，你需要这信心度过下午，并充满成就感地回家。

Recent studies show that we are far more productive at work if we take short breaks regularly.
最近的研究表明，我们在工作中会更富有成效，如果我们经常短暂性地休息。

Give your body and brain a rest by stepping outside for a while, exercising, or doing something you enjoy.
让你的身体和大脑得到休息，通过在外面站一段时间、锻炼、或做你喜欢的事情。

If you find something you love doing outside of the office, you'll be less likely to bring your work home.
如果你发现一些你喜欢做的事在办公室外，你将不太可能把工作带回家。

It could be anything — gardening, cooking, music, sports — but whatever it is, make sure it's a relief from daily stress rather than another thing to worry about.
它可以是任何东西，园艺、烹饪、音乐、体育,但不管它是什么，确保它是一种日常压力的缓解，而不是另一种让人担心的事。

——————————————

The summer holiday is coming.

My classmates and I are talking about what to do during the holiday.

We can choose between staying at home and taking a trip.

If we stay at home, it is comfortable and there is no need to spend money.

But in that case, we will learn little about the world.

If we go on a trip abroad, we can broaden our view and gain knowledge we cannot get from books.

Some classmates suggest we should go to places of interest nearby.

I think that it is a good idea.

It does not cost much, yet we can still learn a lot.